welcome to mini tour breaks in this
episode we're gonna break into three
kinder surprises and they're not just
any kinder surprises there's a new
Marvel heroes edition of kinder
surprises so there could be a spider-man
or an armed man or a Thor or someone
just like that waiting in these eggs so
let's get going eggs number one that's
crack into it looks a bit tough we go
and what's lurking in this little
capsule it looks to be a dinosaur okay
all right then NAT UN's all right I
thought it was going to be that lizard
guy there for a second but it's not and
now i'm all confused doesn't take much
anyway we got an alligator I'm willing
to bet the the Marvel ones are not this
complicated so moving on to egg number
two here we go it's a Marvel figure it's
low-key that mischievous little dude
with the horns on his head okay no
assembly required fantastic see what
else came in his egg what can you do
with them eat and swap their heads out
or something like that there you go
there twist Hayes yep there's no key
logi and you can twist their bodies
right together and you can stick
different heads on by looks of it
something like that either way he's just
really cool to look at so i hope we get
another marble figure in this one and we
owe home we've got one of those flying
machines okay I've got this one but a
hundred times before that's a that's
fantastic here we go we got one Loki one
out of three not too shabby I was hoping
to at least get another one so I could
twist his head together with somebody
else but a that'll have to wait so
thanks for watching mini toy breaks and
I will see you next time